An employee like you who is unethical and slanderous of colleagues
I can't stay
Pack up and go
Thank you for your willingness to believe me.
These years
I can see that you work hard and are willing to endure hardship
Here you are. Here is your salary advance.
Thank you boss
You are doing it for your boyfriend again this time.
In my opinion, such a soft rice man
You should leave as soon as possible
OK
Never again
Wait until I pay off the rent I owe
I will leave Jiangcheng
Start a new life in another city
So my heart won't hurt anymore
Ji Chen, you've been watching the news all morning
Didn't you agree to accompany them today?
The company has something to do
I'll go first
Although I don't know
Who was your one-night stand that night?
But since my father designed your family to mistake me
Then I won't let it go
strange
The smell on him
Why is it so familiar?
Are you all right?
If you don't want to spoil my good deeds this time